the word which came to Jeremiah from the
Lord when Nebuchadnezzar king of Babylon
and all his army all the kingdoms of the
earth under his Dominion and all the
people fought against Jerusalem and all
its cities go and speak to Zedekiah king
of Judah and tell him thus says the Lord
behold I will give this city into the
hand of the king of Babylon and he shall
burn it with fire and you shall not
escape from his hand but shall surely be
taken and delivered into his hand your
eyes shall see the eyes of the king of
Babylon he shall speak with you face to
face and you shall go to Babylon yet
hear the word of the Lord
Oh said Akaya king of Judah thus says
the Lord concerning you you shall not
die by the sword you shall die in peace
as in the ceremonies of your father's
the former Kings who were before you
so they shall burn incense for you and
lament for you saying a last Lord for I
have pronounced the word says the Lord
then Jeremiah the Prophet spoke all
these words to Zedekiah king of Judah in
Jerusalem when the king of babylons army
fought against Jerusalem and all the
cities of Judah that were left against
lakish and as iike for only these
fortified cities remained of the cities
of Judah this is the word that came to
Jeremiah from the Lord after King
Zedekiah had made a covenant with all
the people who were at Jerusalem to
proclaim Liberty to them that every man
should set free his male and female
slaves a Hebrew man or woman
that no one should keep a Jewish brother
in bondage now when all the princes and
all the people who had entered into the
Covenant heard that everyone should set
free his male and female slaves but no
one should keep them in bondage anymore
they obeyed and let them go but
afterward they changed their minds and
made the male and female slaves returned
whom they had set free and brought them
into subjection as male and female
slaves therefore the word of the Lord
came to Jeremiah from the Lord thus says
the Lord the God of Israel I made a
covenant with your fathers in the day
that I brought them out of the land of
Egypt out of the house of bondage saying
at the end of seven years let every man
set free his Hebrew brother who has been
sold to him and when he has served you
six years you shall let him go free from
you but your fathers did not obey me nor
incline their ear then you recently
turned and did what was right in my
sight every man proclaiming Liberty to
his neighbor and you made a covenant
before me in the house which is called
by my name then you turned around and
profaned my name and every one of you
brought back his male and female slaves
whom you had set at liberty at their
pleasure and brought them back into
subjection to be your male and female
slaves
therefore thus says the Lord you have
not obeyed me in proclaiming Liberty
everyone to his brother and everyone to
his neighbor
behold I proclaim Liberty to you says
the Lord to the sword to pestilence and
to famine and I will deliver you to
trouble among all the kingdoms of the
earth and I will give the men who have
transgressed my covenant who have not
performed the words of the Covenant
which they made before me when they cut
the calf in two and passed between the
parts of it the princes of Judah the
princes of Jerusalem the eunuchs the
priests and all the people of the land
who passed between the parts of the calf
I will give them into the hand of their
enemies and into the hand of those who
seek their life their dead bodies shall
be meat for the birds of the heaven and
the beasts of the earth and I will give
Zedekiah king of Judah and his Prince's
into the hand of their enemies into the
hand of those who seek their life and
into the hand of the king of babylons
army which has gone back from you behold
I will command says the Lord and caused
them to return to the city they will
fight against it and take it and burn it
with fire and I will make the cities of
Judah a desolation without inhabitant
[Music]